

Chapter 2


     Adelle was wakened by her own screams.  Embarrassed, she wiped the tears from her eyes
and looked about her.  Rays of early sunlight drifted through the window and settled on her bed.. 
It was morning.  Still a little dazed, she climbed out of bed, got dressed, and set out for the
kitchen.
     
                        *      *      *

     Somewhere in the myriad of dimensions rose a hill.  It had once been a cemetary.  It even
looked like a cemetary.  It had all the right tombstones and that creepy atmosphere clinging to it
that reeks of foreboding.  But it was no longer a cemetary, for it had no bodies, and cemetaries
always have bodies.
     On top of the hill stood the church.  Well, what once had been a church.  So many pilings
and attachments had been hammered into it that it was next to impossible to distinguish any real
walls.  From inside the building came the hum and hammer of machinery.  The eccentric inventor
Otto Marecchian had turned the church into a factory.  Now, instead of praying to God, he was
playing God.  And loving it.
     For the product of his factory was nothing short of reanimated dead persons.  He had
dredged the grounds of all it's occupants and, with science and black magic, brought them to life. 
The best thing about his system was that once he got it rolling, the zombies had been given
control of the machinery, allowing him to tinker with other projects.  The dead where
reproducing.
     It was late one night while Otto was at his desk when the silence of the night outside was
shattered by the blast of a horn and an engine backfiring.  At first the commotion was faint, but it
quickly grew in volume.  It finally reached it's crecendo when the wall a few feet from Otto
exploded with a shower of wood and brick.
     When Otto had picked himself up off of the ground, he found himself standing before a
sleek automobile with rockets attached to either side, each of which were spewing flames.  The
driver sat atop of the vehicle, grinning at him menacingly.  The driver happened to be a monkey.
     The door of the vehicle opened and out stepped a tall man in a jet black suit.  After
waving to the monkey impatiently, the creature turned off the engine, returning peace and quite to
the night.
     "Hello!" the man said, giving the inventor a hearty smile, "You must be Otto
Marecchian!"
     Otto stood there flabbergasted.  "What is the meaning of this?  You've just blasted a hole
through my wall!"  He looked from the hole to the automobile, and then back again, "And a third
story wall at that. . ."
     "Come now, old chap!  There are many walls in this world, many of them much finer than
that one.  Do you like blue?  I love blue!  We could get you two blue wall?  Or authentic dungeon
looking walls, whatever suits your fancy!"
     "Walls?  As in plural?"
     "Why yes, that wall and whichever wall I'll exit through!  But enough about that, I came
to talk about business!  You have something I want, and I have something you need!"
     "What are you talking about?  I don't need anything.  If I ever need anything, I just make
it!"
     "Can you now?  Well that's funny to hear, because I happen to know a little bit about your
operation here, and I was under the impression that there was something missing."
     "Nope!  Nothing missing.  I've got everything working perfectly.  My zombies put the
bodies into the machines, and out come more zombies!  As it is, I can only use the bodies of
children, since their brains are fresher and less deteriorated.  That actually is an advantage since
zombie children are actually smarter than their older counterparts.  And I have nearly limitless
resources of bodies, since people are dying all the time!  Speaking of which, I suggest you get
your car out of here right now or my zombies will-"
     "Why, that's no way to talk to a friend!  Don't you see, I'm here to help you!  Your
zombies may be able to walk about and do simple tasks, but face it, their just plain dull!  And you
know why?  Because their depressed as all get out!  They'd be suicidal if they weren't already
dead!"
     Otto sighed.  "I'm afraid your right about their disposition.  Even though they move
around, they still seem almost. . . lifeless.  I've spent a considerable amount of effort trying to
adjust the machinery to produce more inspired zombie children, but nothing works."
     "There's your problem!  What they need can't be found in mere machinery.  It's
something much deeper.  More magical."
     "And do you mean to tell me that you know the solution?"
     "Off course!  It's my business to know of such things!"
     "Forgive me, but as of yet you have not disclosed your profession, or even your name for
that matter."
     "Then by all means!  My name is Jakob Damond, and my job is to bring happiness to all
the children of the world!"
     "Like Santa Clause?"
     "Sort of, except I get to drive around in a hotrod and happen to like zombies more than
elves."
     "And you think you could bring happiness to my zombies?  What's in it for you?"
     "Well, you see, I had this great idea.  One of the 'wake up in the middle of the night and
shout Eureka!' variety.  You see, There's these people who are doggedly trying to keep me from
selling my toys.  They've been a real thorn in the flesh.  Also, I've been wanting to produce some
classy new toy no one's seen the likes of before.  So, I thought, why don't I give the world cute
little zombies!  They'll entertain the children, while at the same time tearing apart my competitors
and eating their brains!  It's sheer perfection!"
     "You weren't thinking of selling my zombies, were you?  Their not some product to be
put on some shelf!  They're very dear to me.  They're practically my children!"
     "Off course not!  These would be a special advertising mechanic.  After making your
zombies happy, I would set them free into the world, finding living children to love and play
with!"
     Otto was moved.  "Seriously?  I would love for my zombies to have such a purpose!  You
know that's what I try to do - make the world a better place!"
     Jakob Damond looked at the table lined with many of Otto's latest disturbing projects.
     "Sure, sure.  Don't we all?" he said.  "So what do you think?  I make your zombies happy, 
and you let me give some of them to the world...."
     Otto rubbed his chin thoughtfully, and then nodded.  "You've sold me.  I'll do it!"
     "Wonderful!  I'll be around here tomorrow to give your zombies what their so desperately
craving!"
     "Wait a minute, exactly what is it that they need?"
     "Why isn't it obvious?" asked Jakob Damond.
     "No! Quit playing games and tell me; what is it?"
     Jakob Damond's smile broadened.
     "Fun." he said.
                                
                        *      *      *
                                        
     Adelle put her ear to one of the large doors and listened.  From inside the courtroom she
could hear her father conferring with his councelors and the people of the court.  She tried to
understand what they were saying, but the bits and pieces she picked up were so dreadfully dull
that she couldn't concentrate.  Giving up, she sat on the ground with her back against the door
and played with her jacks, all the while humming a tune she had heard the soldiers singing while
they drank in the castle barracks.
     She had not been long at this when a raven glided into the castle through a nearby window
and rested on the ground beside her.  Though it's coat was jet black, it had a greenish glow. 
Adelle cocked her head and gazed at it curiously.  She almost thought she could see through the
bird to the wall behind.
     "What a ragged looking bird!" she said
     "Where is the king?" The raven demanded, ignoring her.
     Adelle dropped her jacks in surprise.  "Why, it talks!" she exclaimed.
     "Why, she talks!" the bird replied sarcastically.  "Off course I talk!  Now tell me where the
king is or I'll peck your eyes out!"
     Adelle looked afronted.  "That's not a very nice thing to say.  Don't you realise who you
are addressing?  I am princess Adelle!"
     "Good.  Then you'll know where the king is."
     Adelle sighed in exasperation.  "Well if you must know, my father -the king-  is behind
those doors.  But he's busy."
     "So am I." said the raven.
     With a quick bow, he spread his wings and took off through the window.  Adelle hastily
leapt to her feet and darted to the window, just in time to see the bird drop out of sight.
     "Fancy that.  Talking animals."  said Adelle.  "Next thing you know, even the dead will be
speaking to one another."
     She had just returned to her jacks when she heard several frantic shouts from inside the
courtroom.  That was it.  She just had to see what was going on. Taking hold of the door, she
pushed it open just far enough to peer inside.
     The courtroom, which was very dark and dreary due to a lack of windows and lights, was
packed with a great variety of professional looking people, all of who were talking or yelling at
one another.  Beyond all of the heads, at the far side of the room, Adelle could just make out the
throne upon which sat her father.  He was shouting for everyone to be silent, but no one seemed
to hear him, or cared to.  All of their attention was focused up at the ceiling.  Deciding that
everyone was far to busy to notice, Adelle stepped into the room and climbed onto the base of
one of the pillars so she could see over the top of the crowd.
     There, in the rafters, stood the raven, sternly studying the chaos.  Gradually, the voices
dimmed, and then died altogether.
     "What devilry brings a talking beast to the Court of Gathloran?" the King demanded.
     "Much devilry." replied the raven.  "I admit, you have reason to be angry, for I bring dark
tidings.  You're wickedness has finally caught up with you!"
     "Enough!  Guards, shoot him from the air!"
     The men raised their muskets and fired, but the volleys passed through the raven as though
it were a ghost.  The bird glided to the ground unharmed and stood in the center of the room,
cocking his head sidewise to lock eyes with the king.
     "Fight if you wish, but doom is beckoning.  You have sold your soul to the devil, and he's
coming for his own.  Already an army of the undead has been unleashed upon your realm, and it
will not be long before you join them."
     "Lies!  I have endlessly sacrificed for the good of this realm.  How dare you question my
character!"
     The raven smiled coldly.  "Perhaps I have already faded too far for you to hear me.  I just
told you that the undead march upon this very castle.  Evil will fight evil, and evil will fall."
     The crowd began to murmer.  Once again, the court was thrown into a chaotic thrall of
panicked shouts.  As Adelle tried to adjust her spot, she thought she heard a familiar voice.
     "Hello Adelle."
     Adelle was so surprised she slipped off her perch and fell onto the floor.  It was her
mother.
     "I thought you were downstairs with Miss Bethany." said the queen.
     Adelle quickly got to her feet.
     "Don't worry mother, she won't get into trouble."
     "You're in no place to jest!  You know well enough that you should not be here.  This is
no place for a child!"
     "But mother!  Am I not to be queen one day?  I should think I need to know all there is of
royal life, you know, things like politics and intrigue!"
     "Politics is learned through schooling.  As for intrigue, no-"
     "Excuse me, my lady," said an attendant, "but this raven is causing a serious disturbance. 
The king needs your support immediately!!"
     The queen glared at Adelle.  "Go find Miss Bethany at once!" 
     As the queen disappeared into the crowd, Adelle decided that it would probably be best to
do what her mother commanded.
     Right after the rest of the raven's speech.

     By the time Adelle had returned to her station on the pillar, the commotion had once again
died down, largely due to the presence of the queen.
     "Very well." said the King, "you have succeeded in casting turmoil upon this court.  Now
begone before I seek out some sorcery that can do more harm to you than bullets!"
     "You need not bother.  I am fading fast and shall not exist much longer.  But before I die,
I will have my voice heard."
     "What more is there to say?" spoke the Queen, "You have given your warning, and we
have listened!"
     "You think I came to speak of such things as your doom?  That is but stating the obvious! 
No, that was merely my greeting.  The fate of the whole of Marloth lies upon the information
which I bring with me.
     "For the situation is thus:  The eyes of darkness are not upon your castle.  It cares little for
you or your pretty queen.  It's eyes are upon the only thing left for it to feed upon.  The only
thing It has left to desire, and to fear."
     Feebly, the raven fluttered about and turned to the back of the room.  The crowd followed
his gaze to the pillar beside the entrance.
     "In short, It seeks your daughter."
     All eyes turned to Adelle.  As she felt the full attention of everyone in the room and the
eerie words of the raven echoing between her ears, she found herself more frightened then ever in
her life.  Leaping to the ground, she fled from the room.
     The king could take no more.  He hurled himself at the raven in a blind rage.  But just as
the bullets, the king passed through the bird as though it were never there.  With a painful thud he
landed upon the floor.
     The raven ignored him.  He was watching the little girl as she ran away.  For a brief
moment, deep sorrow fell across the bird's countenance.  When the girl had gone, he turned once
more to the king.
     "Protect her with your life.  She is more important than you could ever imagine.  If you
truly care for anything more than yourself, you will immediately repent of your ways and pray that
there is still hope to keep her from their perversion.  Now, I fear my time has come to an end.  I
bid you all good night."
     And then, with an ear piercing shriek, the raven burst into an ethereal flame.  The glow
spiralled upward to the ceiling and then dissipitated like a waking dream, leaving nothing in it's
wake but a frightened silence.
                                
                        *      *      *
                                        

*      *      *


     Knock!  Knock!  Knock!
     The boy stopped playing with his toys and looked over at the door.
     Knock!  Knock!  Knock!
     His curiosity was peaked, but he knew better than to open the door at night, especially
when alone.  Who knew what sort of evil could be lurking about at this hour?
     Knock!  Knock!  Knock!
     This was getting unnerving.  He tried to focus upon his toys, but they were of no help. 
After some thought, he decided there was no reason for him to be silent.
     "Go away!" he shouted.
     There was a pause, and then a muffled voice came through the door.  "But we're cold and
without shelter!  All we want is to be warm and have friends to play with!"
     The boy sat up in surprise.  That had sounded like a child.  A child even younger than him.
     "Who are you?" he demanded.
     "Just three helpless waifs who have lost our way.  We've been trying to find shelter, but
no one will let us in!"
          He couldn't leave them out there like that!  They could get killed or eaten!  He had
heard many terrifying stories of the dangers that were spreading throughout the world, and how
they especially liked to feast upon little children.  He tried to figure out what his parents would do
if they were there with him.  His parents were very kind folk.  Of course they would welcome the
children in!
     Jumping to his feet, he padded up to the door and unfastened the lock.  With much effort,
for he was fairly small,  he pulled back the door.  Sure enough, three children stood outside. 
Without a word, they hurried into the room and began to play with his toys.
     "Play with us!" they said.
     The boy had not been in the company of friends in a long time and was happy to sit down
with them.  But he had no sooner done so then he jumped up in terror.
     For the first time he had looked at their faces.
     The children were badly disfigured and covered with stitches.  Ears and noses were bearly
sewed on, and their discolored skin was rotting.  What at first he had thought to be spots of dirt
were actually splotches of dried blood.  The children immediately stopped and looked at him, hurt
expressions on their faces.
     "What is wrong?  Don't you like us?  You can't hate us!  We love you!"
     "Stay away from me!" he shrieked, "Go away and leave me alone!"
     The children looked equally upset.  "He doesn't like us!" said one to another, "He shant
want to play with us!"
     "That's not fair!" said another, "We love him.  He has no right to go hating us!"
     "He only hates us because we're zombies!"
     "I don't hate you!" the boy moaned, "Just don't hurt me!  Please!"
     "Hold on!" said one of them, "I know how we can make him like us and play with us!"
     "How?" asked the others.
     "If he was a zombie!"
     "But Mr. Otto couldn't make him into a zombie because he -"
     And then it dawned upon them.  The heads of the children turned in unison to stare at the
boy, who by now was sobbing in front of them.  Slowly, the children set down the toys and rose
to their feet.
     The boy screamed.


     The king stood at the foot of the castle gates and looked out over his realm.  It was
covered in shadow.  It had been for a long time.  Yet he felt noble standing there, the wind
blowing around him, a battle scarred figure rising against all odds.  He would never cower no
matter how disparing the situation may appear.  He was the King.
     "So what are we going to do with Adelle?"
     He turned to see the queen beside him, striking a pose quite similar to his own.
     "What is action is there? You don't actually expect me to respond to the rantings of a mad
raven, do you?"
     "Of course not!  I simply cannot bear the thought of harm coming to her!"
     "I can understand that.  She's the only thing you care for."
     The queen opened her mouth to speak, and then closed it, settling with a cold glare. 
Quickly composing herself, she brushed her hands across his shoulder.
     "You know that's not true." she whispered, "How could I possibly resist your majesty's
charm?  I do believe I am under some devilish enchantment."
     The king continued to look straight ahead but did not attempt to throw off her caress. 
"You bore me, woman." he mumbled, yet smiling.  He was about to continue when he noticed
one of his scouts racing up the steps below them.
     "What is it?" said the king when the scout had reached them.
     "I have just returned from the realm of Jirax, and am afraid I have nothing but tragedy to
report!  I came as quick as I could, but-"
     "Well be quick about it, then!  Say what you saw and have off with you then!  Can't you
see you're interrupting us?"
     "Yes, sire!  As I was passing through Jirax, I stopped by the village of Delrim, only to find
it a ghost town.  The entire village has been slaughtered!"
     Suddenly, he had their complete attention.  "Slaughtered?" the king bellowed, "Was there
signs of a battle?"
     The ranger shook his head.  "Most everyone was in their homes.  Murdered, by the looks
of it.  There weren't any signs of a struggle.  But the strangest thing of it was, though I spent a
good while searching the wreckage, I never once saw sight of any children.  Just the bodies of
men and women."
     The king pondered this.  "Could they have kidnapped the children?" he said slowly, and
then, to the ranger: "Go at once to general Thomas and inform him that I will be with him shortly. 
I smell war, and I shant be caught unprepared!"
     As the ranger raced down the steps the queen turned toward the king with fear in her eyes.
     "What if what the raven spoke was true?  We have to protect our daughter!"
     "Well then, there's no place safer than within these walls.  Anyone who thinks they're
going to go about butchering my villages might as well kill themselves and get it over with,
because things are about to get ugly!"
     With that, he bolted down the stairs, cursing the world and everything in it.
                                
                        *      *      *


     As the Queen returned into the castle, Adelle ran up and hugged her.
     "Mother!  What is going on?  What is Father doing about that nasty bird!"
     "Don't worry, dear.  Your father is gathering the soldiers and is going to head out into the
mysterious realms beyond our Kingdom to find out what this is all about."
     "But is it true?  Is some evil trying to get me!"
     "Off course not!  That raven was nothing more than a trouble maker!  Now please cheer
up!  Everything is going to be all right.  I will always be here for you."
     It was at that moment that a guard came hurrying around the corner and bowed before the
queen.
     "Your majesty!  Something has come to our attention that you should see at once!"
     "Well, what is it?" the queen demanded.
     The guard motioned toward Adelle.
     The queen nodded.  "I understand.  I will follow you at once.  Adelle, why don't you go
to your room.  I'll come by when I have a moment and we can talk about more pleasant things." 
Adelle didn't reply, but managed something of a smile.
     "Well, what is it?" the queen asked as set off up the castles winding corridors.
     "Just a few minutes ago one of the men spotted some some sort of wagon in the distance. 
It appears to be heading straight for the castle!"
     "Well, if there's anything unusual about it, I'm sure the king would have stopped it his
way out of the city.  There's no other way a cart could reach the castle."
     "But that's just it!  This wagon isn't coming from the city.  It's coming from the other side
of the castle!  It's flying!"
     "A flying machine?"
     The man reached a balcony where a small crowd of people was growing, all of them
gazing into the horizon.  Not more than forty yards away rose a large boxlike object that seemed
to be carried by a collection of perpellors strapped to the top and bottom.  There was no sign of
any driver or any occupants.
     "We have no clue as to what it is, or where it came from." said the guard, "what should
we do?"
     The queen looked terrified.  "Don't just stand there!  Shoot it down!"
     "But as far as we know it could be friendly!" said one of the guards.
     "A box that flies straight toward you out of nowhere in the middle of a potential war is
never friendly!  I command you to fire everything we have at it!"
     The guards immediately hurried away to fetch all of the crossbows and men they could
reach within five minutes.
     

     The captain of the city guard looked out over the town square.  There must have been at
least five hundred of the toughest soldiers lined up, all of them ready to march.  Whether or not
these rumors of an undead army were true, the city had nothing to fear.  This army was bread for
the sole purpose of war, and had been frequently put to the test since this whole land seemed to
be falling into chaos.  At the far corner of the square, he could see the king conversing with his
generals.  They were probably discussing their strategies for scouting out the presence of any
enemies.  He hoped that was it.  He was tired of sitting in the dark and wanted to know if this
undead army was real.  Until then, all he could do was wait.  After a while, he climbed the steps of
the wall and entered his office above the city gates.  People were hurrying in and out, carrying
information and papers from one place to another.  It seemed that everyone was busy except him.
     He had just sat down and was about to review some old papers when he noticed a little
boy wander into the room.
     "Hey, how did you get in here?" said the captain.
     The boy didn't respond.  He was smiling broadly and eagerly looking all around him.  He
was so wound up he looked like he had eaten too much candy and was ready to explode.
     "Where are you're parents?" said the captain, rising to his feet.  As he drew closer, he
noticed that the boy looked really beat up.  He had stitches all over.  "Are you all right?" he
asked, "You look hurt."  The boy said nothing but began to bounce around the room.  As the
captain watched, he could swear that the boy almost looked to be swelling up.  His cheeks and
belly were disconcertingly bulged.
     "Where are you're parents?" he asked, "Are you an orphan?"
     Suddenly, the child turned around and smiled right at him.  "I'm not an orphan!  I'm a
bomb!"


     The king turned in horror.  With a deafening boom, the city gates were enveloped in a
towering ball of smoke and flame.  Everyone in the square was blown off their feet.  Massive
chunks of brick and mortar hurtled through the air, crushing anyone they hit.
     As the dust began to settle, the king rose to his feet in disbelief.  The gates and much of
the wall was gone.  All that remained was a deep, black hole.
     "General Lewis!  General Thomas!" he shouted, "We are under attack!"  
     There was no reply.  He searched around him only to find that they had been riddled with
bricks and were both quite dead.  Without a moment to loose, he ran into the middle of the square
to rally his men.  Their defenses had been blown wide open.  He could expect nothing short of an
immediate onslaught.


     There was nothing the guards could do.  They fired volley after volley at the machine, but
it continued onward unhampered.  It headed straight for the balcony and paused merely five feet
away.  The guards drew their swords and prepared to hack at it.  Suddenly, the front panel of it
burst foward like a drawbridge and landed upon the balcony.  From inside the craft lept a man in
black tights and a white mask covering his eyes.  He wielded a slender sword and a roguish smile.
     "Flee whilst you have the chance!" shouted the man, "For you stand before the legendary
DeVante!"
     With a twirling flip into the air, he landed amid the guards and began to slash at them
visciously.  As they fought, zombie children began to issue from the flying machine armed with
knives and clubs.  In a matter of moments, six of the guards were dead.  The remaining three, not
wishing to join their comrades, rushed out of the room and slammed the doors behind them.  As
two of them held the doorway shut, the other was sent to find reinforcements.























The king sank to the ground.  Within moments, he was vacant.
     No one noticed the dead king.  The people were too focused upon the destruction around
them, and the zombies were too focused upon causing it.
     Except for one.  The zombie child with the straggly hair.  He had thought nothing of the
death of the King, nor the box falling upon the ground.  But then it had burst open, and something
had tumbled out.  He was about to continue on his way, trying to find his next victom to play
with, when he jolted backward.  That was odd.  It grabbed all of his attention.  Not the box, but
what had been in it.  What now lay upon the ground.  Slowly, gears began to turn within his mind. 
An ember flickered to life for just an instant.  Walking into the middle of the street, he awkwardly
bent over and looked at the object.
     It was a book.
     He reached down and picked it up.  It was bound in tattered leather.  On the cover was
written in large, golden letters; Marloth, and below that, By Edward Tralvorkemen.  With dull
fingers, he picked open the book and sat down in the mud.  There, surrounded by the carnage and
horror of a city being strangled to death, he began to read.
     He read of a wonderful fairytale world, full adventures and happy endings.  Of beautiful
landscapes and fascinating creatures.  Of a boy who rose from obscurity to save a princess.  Of a
loving headmaster who protected his children from the darkness and gave them life.
     A tear.  A genuine tear formed in the zombie child's eye.  It rolled down his rotted cheek
and landed upon the page.  How could a heart of stone and eyes of glass form a tear?  He tried to
continue reading, but he couldn't.  The pages were far too blurred.  For once in his life, he felt
emotion.  
     Emptiness.  He could feel his numbess to the world around him.  He had caught a glimpse
of joy.  A joy he would never experience.  Now he saw just exactly what it was he didn't have. 
Even now, he could feel his body disintigrating.  He was not but an illusion.  A carcass animated
by dark sorcery and string.
     For once in his life, he felt Dead.



     By the time Deadwick and his troupe entered the plaza, the carnage had ceased.  Ceased,
that is, simply because there wasn't anything left to destroy.  All of the other troupes had already
left to find new things to kill.
     "There you are!"  Deadwick scolded, "we've been tearing this place apart trying to find
you!  The Master has given us a special mission and we are already late.  We must hurry!"
     The zombie child did not look up.  It merely lay there with its face in the mud, staring at
the book resting before them.
     "Is he dead?" asked one of the others.
     "Off course he is!" the goblin muttered, "You all are!  Now get up, you stupid zombie!"
     The zombie child sat up and looked at him dumbly.
     "Don't call me zombie," it said, "I have a name you know."
     "No you don't.  And don't talk back to me!"
     "My name is James.  I remembered my name while reading this book."
     "That's ridiculous!  Zombies can't read!"  Deadwick picked up the book and looked at  it
as though it were poisonous, not that he could be affected by anything like poison.
     "Well I can.  It's all like a dream now, but I remember seeing this book before.  I
remembered the stories which were in it."
     Deadwick froze.  That just wasn't right.  This zombie was acting far to smart for a
zombie.  He examined the book more closely.  He sensed trouble.  There was something very bad
going on, and he had to deal with it at once.
     "I don't want to hear any more of this!" he shouted, throwing the book at the zombie
child.  It hit it square in the head, knocking it backwards back into the mud.   "We're leaving this
instant!  We've got work to do!"  The others gathered around the two of them in surprise.  The
fallen zombie child quickly picked itself up off the ground and took hold of the book.
     "Well I'm not going!" it said.  "It's not fun to kill people!"
     That was it.  Inside the goblin's mind, books were balanced and accounts were settled.
     "Children, I have an idea of how you can all have more fun!" A cruel smile spread across
his face as he turned toward the zombie child.  He began to speak slowly and methodically, like
the carress of a torturer.
      "Let's . . . play . . . with . . .  James."



     Adelle was surprised at how quite things were.  She had been walking about for a while
and had yet to come across a single soul.  "My, how lazy everyone has grown, sleeping in this
late!" she thought to herself.
     She reached the kitchen and looked about a the rows of ovens and sinks.  There were no
cooks or maids. "This is growing stranger by the minute!" she said aloud as she stepped into the
spacious dining room.  "Hello!" she called out, "Wake up everyone!"  She waited for a moment,
but recieved no reply.
     This was not right.  The castle didn't run itself.  The servants should have already been at
their posts.  Something had to be done.  She marched up several flights of stairs and stopped at
the royal bed chamber.  Finding the doors unlocked (which in itself was unusual) she stepped
inside.
     "Mother!  Father!" she shouted, "Everyone's still in bed!"
     There was no answer.  The bed was empty.  So were all of the other offshoot rooms. 
Adelle was growing agitated.  She ran out of the room and into one of the servants quarters.  All
of the beds were empty too.  They did not look as though they had even been slept in.  Quickly,
she ran to the throne room.  It too was empty.  Finally, she ran to the tallest tower and looked out
over the kingdom.  She could see no one.  Tired and frightened, she slumped upon the floor and
cried.
     She was alone.
                                

     After a while, Adelle settled down enough to sit up and wipe away her tears.  She was
growing numb to the initial shock and was beginning to feel painfully hungery.  After slowly
tredding down the stairs, she made her way back to the kitchen and then stopped to consider. 
What was she to eat?  There were no cooks to prepare her any breakfast.  She would have to get
it herself.
