Okay, I've done the opening with Adelle.  Now what?

Where does James come in?  He's definitely screwed up.  He's not going to come along as some
hero out of the sunrise to save the day.  He does save the day, but he's got to be save himself
first.
     I don't like the way I phrased that.  It's something about the word 'saved'.  But he starts
off at the bottom.
     The question is how does he get there?  I guess I need to clarify more exactly what's the
difference between the two parts.
     I just remembered that one enya aura I've been inspired with.  DejaVu.  That feeling like
all of the back story happened so long ago that it's grown fuzzy, like a dream.  I think because of
this the James in Marloth doesn't have to be exactly the same James in the orphanage.  It's not
like James wakes up and suddenly finds himself in this strange new world.  The connection
between the two can be vague and enigmantic.  Both James and Adelle vaguely remember the
orphanage like a dream.
                         
     That's nice because it just didn't feel right to have James be wandering around some
strange new world.  It's distracting from all of the really cool stuff.  Now Adelle, I could see her
wandering around.

               

A lot has happened!  I've covered a lot of ground!  Now I'm ready to get back to James.  I'm still
not sure what I'll do with Miles.  Perhaps the key is in more clearly identifying his role in the first
part and figuring out how that role still pertains to the second part.  Maybe he doesn't need to be
in the foreground that much.  Whichever side he's on, I don't want him to get in the way of James
or Jakob Damond.  One or two (perhaps even three) scenes should happen between the scene I
just wrote and the scene were we pick back up with Deadwick.  They don't all have to be long.  I
like the brevity of that first paragraph.  It gives the story lots of energy, giving us quick glimpses
and then bounding off to see what else is happening.

     So what saves James?  No, it's not what saves.  What wakes him up.  Gives him hope.
     I think it should be the book, but how does James come across it?  I don't think we should
see the book until he sees it, but I don't want it to come completely out of the blue.  Perhaps
someone is carrying an object and then we finally find out what it is.  I don't want it to be some
blatantly 'predestined' deal where someone walks up and gives it to him.  It needs to come off as
coincidence.  It needs to be lying on the ground.  Perhaps James saw it fall there.  No, I'm sure he
saw it fall there.  I want it to be something forgotten.  It means nothing to anyone but him.
     He should find it in the middle of some big scene where the fate of the world is being
shifted.  A war or something.
     Where is it before he finds it?
     

     Whichever way I do that scene, I need to start throwing together other scenes.  This story
revolves around scenes and I need to get to making them.

     I need to make a list of the scenes that need to be done and create a sort of timeline.

     Adelle Wakes Up
     Zombie Army Aquired by Damond

     At least one scene with Adelle in the castle (preferrably several)
     The King is warned by the raven of the zombie army (We learn some of the background of
the world, who's who, and what's going on.)
     The King dies defending his kingdom.
     James finds the book (in the middle of a zombie take over)
     James rebels
     The zombies plow through the defenses but are temporarily thwarted by an enchantment
protecting the castle.  But before the enchantment was activated everyone but Adelle is killed.
     Adelle's Mother sacrifices her life to activate the enchantment.


     I can add other scenes later on as the need arises.  This is a very versatile format and has
plenty of room for more layers.

     There, at the far corner of the room, was a tall window.  And on it was perched the Raven.
     "Silence!"  shouted the king.  The room became so quite Adelle imagined she was deaf.  The king rose to
his feet and pointed at the bird. 
     "Come down from there."  he commanded.  The raven obliged him, dropping down and landing in front
of the throne.
     "Now tell me, what brings a talking bird to the realm of men?" said the king, resuming his seat..
     The raven bowed.  "My lord, I bring with me vital information.  Information of which I am sure you would
be eager to possess.  But it comes with a price, for I have need of a favor."
     "I am the king of Marloth, and you are a scruffy bird.  What right do you have to bargain with kings?"
     "My lord, off course you are aware that things are no longer so simple.  You're kingship means little
now, for the world has fragmented.  Reality has been shattered and become a realm of dreams within dreams,
which dream of the dreams that dreamt them.  From one angle you are king, from another you are not.
     "Silence, fool!" shouted the king's general.  "I'll have you shot through the head before you continue
such rantings!"
     "Wait!  Let the bird speak" Everyone looked at the king in surprise.  The king ignored them.  "You have
my attention, raven.  Tell me what favor you want of me."
     The raven nodded.   "For centuries now, I have been searching for an ancient chest which has been
forgotten by all of this world.  It is enchanted, causing the minds of men to strive to forget it's existence.  But I am
immune to this spell and think I have finally located it.  In fact, I believe that it is here in this very castle.  Give me
this chest, and in return I will tell you whatever you wish to know, for I know things of grave importance."
     [ At this point I think it would be good to have Adelles mother approach Adelle from behind and catch
her.  Adelle is embarrassed.  When we return to the conversation, the king has agreed and the raven is giving him
the scoop about the march of the zombie army.]

     I'm not sure about the Raven.  I like the opportunity for his wit, but I believe his
personality needs to be more wretched and helpless.  I've suggested that in his looks, but it's not
enough.  I think it's the whole flying thing that really irks me.  Here are the following problems
with it.
1)   He seems a James sidekick material but a flying sidekick is to powerful.  He could just get
up and fly away.
2)   The fact that he travels from point A to point Z in Marloth makes everything seem just a
     stone's throw away.

     Actually, I've thought things over more and found other problems with the raven beyond
the point of him being a bird.  He draws way to much attention.  For a creature that has no
immediate connection to the rest of the story and is only marginally interesting, he sure takes the
stage.  I do think this scene needs a character to take the stage, but some character that will play a
critical part in this story.  Marloth's equivilant to Hilark.  One of James' chief sidekicks.
     I just realized that the whole 'trading information' has nothing to do with the story.  So
what goes on in there that is so important?  The scene goes downhill the moment the king tells
everyone to be quite.  What is this scene about.  Some critical twist in the story has to take place. 
Not something that has to do with the politics of the world but with the story of Marloth.  The
story with James and Adelle and Tralvorkemen and Damond.  That story.
     I think the toad should come forth.

     I don't like my second draft of the throne room scene.



     "What the &$*#!  Don't tell me we're lost!"
     "Off course we're not lost.  We're just... no where in particular...."

     "Well, I must admit, the lot of them sure have changed." said Deadwick.
     The children smiled preciously.




     I've lost much of the atmosphere I've been shooting for.  I want to lean more back toward
alice and wonderland.  American Mcgee's Alice.

     I think Alice conflicts with traditional epicness.  What is it about those works that epicness
kills?  What is it that things like the Lord of the Rings doesn't have?  There's something there!

     I know what the problem is!  (At least I think I do...)  It makes perfect sense, and it's been
bothering me all this time.  I've got to completely rearrange the angle of the Fantasy world.  It's a
twisted, perverted fantasy world.  If it's all dark, what are all of these good guys doing there?
     I don't want it to be a situation where we witness evil suddenly taking over and then all
that's left is bad.  It has to start off bad.  The beginning to the second part has been all wrong.
     One of the defining elements of epics is a hero backed by an army of rebels trying to
protect the good remnant of people.  Alice and Tim Burtons stories have no 'remnant.'  The
whole world is upside down.
     It's not so much that this point of view is more evil, it's that it's more personal.  There's
no nobility in the protagonists actions.  There's no one to perform before.  He's all by himself. 
That's where the true character is revealed.  What one does in secret.  It's the externalization of
the internal.
     Yet trying to describe this dark world would be meaningless without a struggle.  I think
that's where Adelle comes in.  She's that bit of light that clashes with all of the darkness.
     Marloth should have NO real light beyond Adelle that we should care for.  Even her
parents should be screwed up.  Seriously screwed up.  It's twisted.  It's perverted.  It's
fascinating.

     This means that I have to just about start over with the begining.  It's all wrong.  Every
element of it has an "evil is encroaching our noble land" feel.  It needs none of this.
     This raises the question, "So what is happening then?"
     I'm not sure yet.


     So now I need to do some serious brainstorming.  First I need to analyze what I already
have to work with.
     James has entered this fantasy version.  But there needs to be an angle like all that was just
a dream.  It's a pardoxical loop.
     The story really takes off when James first rescues Adelle.  That's when all the stops are
pulled and things really start rolling.  But what happens before that?

Part 1         Orphanage
Part 2         Nightmare
Part 3         Wonderland
Part 4         Climax

     Once again, I'm back at the question of - "Where and How does James enter the scene?"

     Imprisonment.  Not so much James, but that's where the good should be.  There should
be good, but it's imprisoned.  Trapped, tormented, and tortured.  This is hell.
     That helps a bit, but I'm not sure where I'm starting and where I'm going.  In the other
situation I had nearly limitless scenes I could write to help flesh out the story.
     Mystery!  That's what it needs.  The first part had plenty of mystery.  I completely forgot
about it.  But to have mystery, I must have a specific angle to view the world from.  Mystery
without a point of view leaves us no anchor.  It doesn't emerse us.  So maybe I do need James at
the beginning.  Maybe I could use Adelle, but she's not the pusher.  She doesn't make things
happen.  James does.
     Let me relook at the story.  What is the goal?  What is the drive that I want to instill
within the audience?
     The whole story is about purity verses perversion.  It's about wanting to protect Adelle at
all costs.  It's that deja vu fairytale shrouded in darkness.
     I liked the whole zombie child thing with James, yet there was something awkward about
it too.  I liked the way he read the book and it awoke a desire in him.  It brought everything into
focus.  I think what I didn't like was how he was almost two different people and this "Am I a
zombie, or am I James?"  It's uncomfortable.   I think I'd prefer it to be more definitely James,
and someone who remembers when he reads the book.
     I've got to do it that way!  It's too perfect!
     But until then, where's the motivation?  What's going on?  The audience can't be left in
limbo until James gets a hold of the book.
     I think he's still a pawn like in the first draft, but now I'd emphasize it more.  I don't think
he's a part of such a large army.  One in a million.
     Maybe I don't have to change things as much.  I could still keep the opening, just alter it's
angle a bit.  I think I can throw out Deadwick the goblin.  Just have Damond arrive in his car and
take control of the zombie factory.  Yes, that would work much better.
     Also, instead of some raven trying to sell info to the king, I should have some creepy
character proclaiming doom upon the king for his wickedness.  I'm not sure that it's quite right,
but I think it's a lot better.  (It's either worse or much better, my intuitions telling me there's no
imbetween with this outcome.
     And then there's the queen.  Everyone loves the queen.  In fact, she has many specific
lovers.  The Nivana character despises her, and is the person who finally kills her.


     I've done the new first part, what next?  The story doesn't have a lot of energy and
intensity right now.  I need to liven things up.
     Well who is this story about?  James and Adelle mainly.  I don't want to focus on the
other characters any more than neccisary.  It's their dream.  We should rarely see beyond their
perspectives.
     I guess one question is how critical is it to make the zombie/James thing a surprise.  I
think it would be pretty dull if we knew who he was and was dwelling upon it for long.
     I think the key is to just hurry up with the opening.  It doesn't need as much of a build up. 
Basically I'm just detailing the events of the takeover of the castle and looking into Adelle's perky
yet dull life.
     
          
     I think I'll change the pillar to something more distinguishable like a statue.
     I also need to add a scene with Miss Bethany.  Or at least where Adelle is sent to find her.
     Also mention more how the raven is gradually weakening and disappearing.

And having a blast at it
And having a blast with it
And having a jolly good time
          

     I think I'll make this Miss Bethany character a Barbara/Margaret. (Maniacal laugh.)
          
     I think I'll make Now What? my motto.
     I need to take Scott's advice and just hurry up and write.  Churn out pages and get the
whole thing done.  So I've begun writing my official outline of "Part the Second"


     I thought about throwing a druid into the mix but now I'm not sure.  It screws things up a
bit.  I think the things of this world should gradually come to life, James shouldn't suddenly find a
bunch of life in it.  The life comes from the book.  More and more, I think the Raven would be
perfect.
     I don't think James needs a big gang of sidekicks.  The bear minimal should be just fine. 
He's more of a loner.
     Also, I don't think Miss Bethany is so critical to the story.
     Somehow James finds the glowing remains of the bird and brings it back.  
     I believe things would be most straight forward if the raven just took off instead of dying. 
The main reason I had it die in the first place was because I didn't want it to wind up later on in
the story.  So it's a deal, the raven lives, it just flies away.
     
     I need the light.  But not simply cute little warm fuzzies.  Big dazzling bursts of light.  But
the source is critical.  I believe it should be the book.  And where does Tralvorkemen fit into all of
this?

     I don't want him to take the spotlight from James.  But why?  Shouldn't God be in the
spotlight?  Something about that is conflicting with my intuition.  What is it?  This is one of the
most pivotal parts because it's where the whole story is heading.

     Now there's two factors.  What you know to be true and what feels right.  Now, the book
thing is perfectly cool.  There's nothing awkward about it.  But for some reason it's awkward
when I throw in it's writer, yet my logic is telling me that the writer needs to be in there.  And
Tralvorkemen is far from over.
     One rule I stumbled on a while ago that I think is still true is that the darker a story gets,
the more clear cut the good needs to be to bring you out of the abyss.  That makes sense.
     Come to think of it, Tralvorkemen has always fascinated me, and I can't imagine just
putting him backstage once the story takes off.  How does he fit into the fantasy world?

     You know, maybe he's not so critical if he is the book.  It's his book.  It's him.  The key is
emphasizing this in the first part.  He encourages James to read the book.  This comes as almost a
shock to the audience, but later near the end of the first part he tells James that he originally wrote
it and gave it to James when he was little.
     That sounds good.  I won't try to force Tralvorkemen into the picture.  There's something
very powerful about the subtley of the book.  It neatly sums up so many different things.
     Looking back over the story, I realise now that the dying raven also doesn't fit with the
story because I need to emphasize the loss of what was back in the orphanage, not what was just
a few minutes ago.  The raven's death would only take away from the more important deaths of
all of the ideals that were in James' book.
     I'm not too interested between the battle between the humans and zombies because, quite
frankly, I don't care.  I haven't given the audience any reason to care.  Thus, I'll just skim over it
and use outside perspectives as much as possible.

     The city guard slowly pulled the door open and looked inside.
     "Are you sure this is the place?"  The sergeant asked from behind.
     "Positive.  The sound came from here.  See, there are burn marks all over the place.  Clearly something
exploded in here."
     Reaching down, he turned on his lamp to examine the place.  "Jones!  Gillian!  Get in here at once!" he
called out.  They were standing in a desserted wherehouse, in the middle of which rose a large boxlike machine. 
Ontop of it sat a horrified looking man, who had apparently been working on it in the dark.  His bald head was
covered in suit.
     "Halt!" the captain shouted, "what do you think you are doing?"
     "N-N-Nothing!  I'm nobody!  Just sitting here and-and-"
     Suddenly, a man leapt forth from the shadows, landed on his hands, and performed a somersault, landing
on his feet in front of the guard.  He was dressed in black tights with a cape and was brandishing a slender sword
and roguish smile.
     "Defend yourselves!" he commanded, "or I  shall be forced to dispatch you without a fight!"
     The guards were stunned.  But fighting came naturally to them, and they instinctively drew their weapons
and charged.  With a spin and twirl, the mysterious man fended them off like a wisp of smoke.
     "Who are you?"  Otto called out.  (For it was he who was building the machine.)
     "I am the legendary DeVante!" said the man, stabbed one of the guards, "I have been sent by the
toymaker Jakob Damond to command the zombie army!"
     After a swift battle, the guard were dead on the ground.
     "When will the device be ready?" asked DeVante.
     "I have no idea.  It's very dangerous and it will be hard for me to tell when it's stable enough."

     [I'm not sure exactly how I want to end this yet.  


     I'm afraid I've fallen into the same pitfall as in the first draft of the script, just not as
severly.  I thought some changes to minor details would result in some major improvements, but it
hasn't worked that way.  The new version is better, but it's still not the angle I was shooting for.
     The only problem is that I've just written a lot of great stuff and really don't want to
throw it all out the window.
     Actually, as I look back over what I've written, the only scene with the whole noble
humans that is at all really interesting is with the raven.  And still, half of that feels out of place. 
We don't care about the king, or his kingdom.  We don't care about his guards.  We don't care
about the queen.  All we care about is Adelle.
     I don't think we need to set her up.  We'll see more than enough of her throughout the
story.  Besides, we've already met her through the orphanage.  She was Catherine, after all.
     So what about James?  The main reason I took this approach was to show how nasty the
zombies were, and eventually we discover that he's one of them.  The zombies don't look nasty
without some good to beat up.  It flowed very nicely, but screwed up the world view.
     I need to analyze the situation and determine what I want and how the original approach
accomplished it.  Then I can figure out how to still accomplish it without screwing up the world
view.
     1) I want him to be one of many zombies because I don't want it to be like, oh, if any of
them had seen the book they would have changed.  No, they all see it, only James recognizes it.
     2) I want to create a Deja Vu feeling.  It's similar in effect to an indefinitely long passage
of time.
     3) I want it to come as a genuine surprise.  This is distantly linked to #2, because if we
meet James right at the beginning of part 2, it will feel like not a lot of time has passed.  But deep
into part 2, if James suddenly appears out of the woodwork, we say to ourselves, "hey, I know
him, he's James!"  It's that Deja Vu thing.  Also, the whole story is just much more powerful if it
comes as a surprise.                                        
     4) I want to show that in being a zombie, he's extremely messed up.  To do this, I need to
show the zombies doing nasty things to good people.  Not just oppressing them.  Something far
more agressive.  This story is not about imprisonment.  It's about violation.  The zombies are bad
because they kill people so they can be turned into more zombies.  That fits perfectly with the
story's theme.

     Okay, I think that helped a lot.

     The question arises "so now what do we actually show the audience?  Don't we need to
something of what's going on?  Or can we learn all we need to know from James' angle?

     There was nothing outright wrong with the first draft of the second part.  It did flow quite
nicely.  It seems like I have all of the pieces.  I have all of the dreams.  I just need to realise them
in their entirety and organize them in the right order.

     Remember!  This is a dream!  So don't worry about realism as far as the world and reality
goes.  Your subconcious is thinking outside of the box.  You need to think right along with it. 
Just feel the story and see how your subconcious is trying to piece it together.  Identify all of the
things you've tried to accomplish that has forced you to go different routes and just paste them all
together.

     
     Adelle spun around and gazed out the window as she heard the explosion.  She watched as a ball of
smoke and flame rose from the city, showering the horizon with the tiny specks of mortar and brick. For a moment,
she thought she could hear the echoes of screams carried by the wind.
     "Well, I do hope no one was hurt!" she said, and then, after some time had passed, "that certainly was an
exciting display of fireworks!"
     The captain of the city guard was at his wits end.  He had recieved no contact from the castle.  The only
possible conclusion was that it had been breached.  He felt dizzy as his mind tried to fathom the repercussions. 
They needed the castle.  Without it, the city was doomed.
     No.  He was not going to give in.  He had to increase the defenses.  Even though it was midnight and most
of his men had not slept since the previous day, he made sure every one of them was posted on the wall.  He was
not going to give up.  He ran along the wall to his office over the main gates.  The place was absolute chaos with
men running back and forth, carrying out a million different tasks.
     "Sir, this boy was found wandering around your room!" said one of the soldiers.
     "Not now!" the captain shouted  "I've got work to do!"
     "Yes sir, it's just that he seems gravely ill, and was debating whether or not I should send one of the men
to escort him to the infermery."
     The captain glanced at the boy, turned to reply to the soldier, and then swung about to take a second
look.  
     The boy was sick.  He looked as though he had been sorely beaten and was caked in dry blood.  But to
make matters worse, he was swelled like a balloon.  He looked ready to explode. "How much pain are you
in?" said the captain.  As he drew closer, a shiver ran up his spine.  Despite the boy's wretched condition, he was
smiling broadly.  "Are you all right?" asked the captain, "You look to be seriously hurt!"  The boy said nothing
but began to bounce around the room.  Everyone in the room slowed to a stop and watched the boy in shocked
silence.  The captain reached into the air, caught the boy by the arm, and brought him to the ground.  "Where are
you're parents?" he demanded, "Are you an orphan?"
     The child turned around and smiled right at him.  "I'm not an orphan!  I'm a bomb!"





     The city was thrown into chaos.  For the city gates had been destroyed, and through the hole had issued
forth an army of children.  Undead children.
